NAVEEN JEEVAN KELKAR | Project Manager • Service Delivery Management – Delivery | Virtusa Corporation

20+ years of experience in managing IT service delivery, Data Analytics and Visualization, project and
program management in Banking and Healthcare domains.

Core Competencies:
IT Service Delivery Management, Project Management, Data Visualization Principles, Data Connectivity &
Integration, Business Process Reengineering, Team Leadership, DAX (Data Analysis Expressions), Data
Transformation (Power Query), Data Storytelling, Power BI Dashboard Design, Data Modeling Fundamentals

Tools and Technologies:
MS Power BI, MS Office, MS Power Apps, MS Project, MS SharePoint, Shell, Perl, VB, Excel VBA, HTML,
JQuery, CSS, SharePoint Site Development, JIRA, SERVICE NOW, BMC Remedy User, CA Service Desk,
MAXIMO, ITSM Tools (Incident Management, Change Management)

Responsibilities:
- Understand project goals and objectives, what is in scope and out of scope to be delivered, and related
  constraints, terms, and conditions
- Manage routine administrative aspects including leave & shift rotation management, analytical reviewing
  and metrics reporting amongst others
- Identification of roles, assign risk owners, responsibilities, and levels of authority for management and
  decision-making, development of contingency plans, criteria for implementation, and strategies
  supporting project plan
- Interact with senior management and project stakeholders for implementing various process
  improvement initiatives based on changing market dynamics and other related factors
- Evaluate project performance & render productivity enhancement feedback. Conduct ongoing analysis of
  risks, and changes, revise the project plan and report status

Educational Qualifications:
MBA (Information System), SMU-DE (2019)
Bachelor's in Science (Information Technology), SMU-DE (2014)

Achievements & Certifications:
Scrum Alliance – Certified Scrum Master (CSM®)
Amazon Web Services – AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Associate
PL-300 Microsoft Power BI Data Analyst

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
PROJECTS WORKED ON AT VIRTUSA
───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

AstraZeneca Account: EUIT BAU Managed Services — August 2025 till date
Role: Project Manager - Delivery | Technology: Project Management
Description: AstraZeneca EUIT stands for Enabling Units IT, which is the technology and digital division
responsible for supporting the company's internal, non-scientific business functions. The department
manages over 200 in-house and third-party applications globally. Major technology hubs in India, Mexico,
and the UK facilitate the EUIT team's development and maintenance of essential platforms that support
pharmaceutical operations. Core responsibilities encompass:
1. Corporate Systems Management: Oversight of enterprise applications for Sustainability, Corporate
   Affairs, Legal, HR, and Finance.
2. Data and AI Infrastructure: Establishing scalable data architectures and foundations to drive
   operational excellence and generative AI functionality.
3. Enterprise Integration: Architecting robust pipelines to link internal platforms like ServiceNow and
   Concur with global business processes.
AstraZeneca Enabling Units IT BAU: Business as usual team encompasses the day-to-day IT operational
support, maintenance, and continuous improvement services managed by the company's global technology
divisions to ensure seamless operations.

Citibank: Platinum Account: SBU - Markets Technology & Data Engineering – Banking — April 2024 till July 2025
Role: Individual Contributor | Technology: Power BI, MS SharePoint
Description: Creation and maintenance of SBU Level Dashboards using Excel, SharePoint, and Power BI.
Data Visualization of Revenue, Margin, Various Trainings and Operational Data received periodically.
Helping SBU Delivery Directors with upkeeping of their people management activities on a day-to-day
basis. Effective data analysis for management processes for quick decision making and efficient reporting.

Elevance Health (Anthem): Healthcare — Jan 2020 – Mar 2024
Role: Project Manager - Delivery | Technology: Project Management, Management of Agile Development
Teams, Power BI Dashboards
Description: Elevance Health (Anthem) is a leading health benefits company dedicated to improving lives
and communities and making healthcare simpler. Through its affiliated companies, Anthem serves more
than 108 million people, including more than 42 million within its family of health plans. With PEGA
Customer Service, Anthem created Solution Central. Solution Central intelligently centralizes and
organizes data so that each customer service call is contextual and exceptional. The Power BI Dashboard
was created and maintained to help Management upkeep People Management and various reportings.

Citibank: Data Quality Portfolio – Trade Surveillance – Banking — Jun 2019 – Dec 2019
Role: Project Manager - Delivery | Technology: Project Management
Description: Trade Surveillance is about implementing a surveillance system that monitors and detects
activities for market manipulation, fraud, behavioral patterning and more across all asset classes and all
products, thereby ensuring the prevention and investigation of abusive, manipulative or illegal trading
practices in the securities market. Markets Trade Surveillance (Markets) – MANTAS for prescriptive,
rules-based surveillance. APAMA for non-prescriptive, principles-based surveillance. SMARTS for
exchange-based surveillance of cash equities. Information Barrier Surveillance Group (IBSG) – Its primary
responsibility is to detect the misuse of material non-public information (MNPI) as well as identify trades
that may have violated federal securities laws, SRO rules and internal policies prohibiting insider trading
and manipulative and deceptive practices. IBSG monitors employee, customer and firm accounts to
identify such potential violations. Retail Brokerage Trade Surveillance (Retail) – Provide a platform for
surveillance of sales practices across the private and the consumer banks. The focus of surveillance is
broker activity and sales practice as well as certain aspects of portfolio suitability and concentration. This
portfolio aims to consolidate multiple alerts generation Engines on one platform and provide consistent
workflow functionally across regions and LOBs.

Citibank: Institutional Client Group – TTS Production Support – Banking — Nov 2018 – May 2019
Role: Project Manager - Delivery | Technology: Project Management
Description: Citi Treasury and Trade Solutions (TTS), provides integrated cash management and trade
finance services to multinational corporations, financial institutions and public sector organizations
across the globe. With a full range of digital and mobile enabled platforms, tools and analytics, TTS
continues to lead the way in delivering innovative and tailored solutions to its clients. TTS offers the
industry's most comprehensive suite of treasury and trade solutions including cash management,
payments, receivables, liquidity management, and investment services, working capital solutions,
commercial card programs, trade finance and services. ICG PS teams provide production support to over
100 applications supporting TTS information technology infrastructure.

First Data Corporation – Banking — Jun 2016 – Oct 2018
Role: Project Manager - Delivery | Technology: Project Management
Description: FDC's re-platforming project is for the implementation of new MFT architecture necessary
to meet growing demand for file transfer over secure and diverse protocols. The need for SFTP, FTPS and
HTTPS increases each year. FDC has outgrown its current MFT solutions and must provide greater
flexibility both in routing and provisioning of protocols for file transfer. Additionally, greater security,
shorter cycle to on-board partners, consolidation of a number of MFT systems and initiatives.

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
EXPERIENCE PRIOR TO VIRTUSA
───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

BA Continuum India Pvt. Ltd. - Sr. Analyst – Banking — Apr 2009 – Jun 2016
Role: Individual Contributor
Technology: Legacy CLEAR, IBM Sterling B2B Integrator (formerly known as Gentran Integration Suite –
Sterling Commerce), IBM Sterling File Gateway, IBM Sterling Secure Proxy, IBM Sterling Control Center, ML
Clear, BA Clear, IBM Connect: Direct, Mainframe TSO/ISPF, CA7, ITP, EDTUP, MoveIT, MBNA, eBDX, JMS etc.
Description: Data Transaction / Transformation Services (DTS) provides secure information movement
within and outside of the enterprise, facilitates data growth, improves business capabilities and provides
oversight to reduce security risks and strengthen data leakage protection. DTS is integrating key
technologies to provide business solutions and maintain the competitive advantage of Bank of America. In
addition to every internal line of business, DTS serves over 35000 distinct institutional clients, private and
public entities worldwide. Over 75000 accounts are defined and over 6M transactions are executed and
about 1500 being added to the volume every month.

Satyam Computer Services Ltd. – Sr. Systems Engineer – Banking — Nov 2007 – Apr 2009
Technology: Legacy CLEAR, IBM Sterling B2B Integrator (formerly known as Gentran Integration Suite –
Sterling Commerce), IBM Sterling File Gateway, IBM Sterling Secure Proxy, IBM Sterling Control Center, ML
Clear, IBM Connect: Direct, Mainframe TSO/ISPF, CA7, ITP, EDTUP, MoveIT, MBNA, eBDX, JMS etc.
Description: Managed client accounts provisioning involving JCL and control cards (login, delete, get and
put member creation), job testing, job abends, endevor. Maintained regular interaction with clients for
troubleshooting transmission and connectivity issues, job abends, application monitoring, incident
monitoring, change management, system restarts and adhoc requests. Catered to project Merrill Lynch
CLEAR ("Client Electronic Access and Reporting") a utility for secure file exchanges between Merrill Lynch
internal business units and their external clients (Trading and Business Partners).
